1) How do you make sure Google's maps data is accurate?
Conntantly maintain and review, allow for user contribution to help keep data up to date

2) How can I submit updated information?
sending feedback/suggest an edit, API for reporting bad points, working directly with google engineers or an account manager

3)Are there any other ways that google finds updated information beyond user contributions?
Google has a dedicatedd team working to keep data up to date - includes incorporating data from third party sources, developing algorithms to update data and identify
spam or fraud, and reaching out directly to businesses and organizations to get accurate data

4) How odften is your maps data updated?
Constantly (more than 200 contributions every second)

5) If a business or organization has a lot of data to contribute, how can they do that?
Using the Geo Data Upload tool and sending information in a useable format (.shp or .csv)

6) How do you manage the vast amounts of data it takes to keep up with the changing world?
Using processing and storage systems like Dataflow and Cloud Spanner, and machine learning libraries and frameworks like TensorFlow

7) Why are there differences in data quality in various parts of the world? And how do you address these differences to make sure businesses everywhere can use Google Maps Platform?
Because the world operates in many different ways requiring many different approaches to how you map and display information
(e.g. differences in how postal codes are set out, or how bussinesses operate in buildings)

8) What’s the most interesting way that Google or another organization has contributed maps data?
Sheep View is noted as a personal favourite - solar powered cameras straped to sheep to collect imagery of the Faroe Islands.

9) With Halloween around the corner, what’s up with all those spooky Street View images of people with three legs or a plane submerged in a lake? 
Results from the stitching together of images - especially when things are moving - create strange images!
